Love song sung
For a million people
I don't just feel it
This street makes me love
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
The future looks more realistic
Than we ever imagined
Cars don't look like they will float
In the air anytime soon
And today, I get on the subway
Like always
Silent strangers leave me behind
On the street...so then
Lonely, lonely,
Even in the painful and frail night
Lonely, lonely, keep on
Giving me your original love
Lonely, lonely, longing for you,
My life is so cold
I decided I won't do
What I can't put into words
Only she can caress my heart,
I want to forget
Love me, love me
With strong and fragile heart
Kiss me, kiss me,
I worry in the lonely night
My name is Hiroshi Uchiyamada.
I was born in Kanuma City
in Tochigi in 1946.
I'm a baby-boomer.
When I was little,
I was called a genius.
I entered the Tokyo University
of Education...
... through a recommendation.
After graduation,
I was determined to be an educator.
My current position is Vice Principal
at the elite private school...
... Seirin Gakuen. (Holy Forest)
As an educator,
I have faced many problems.
School violence, sexual conduct
among the young...
... bullying, refusal to go to school...
However, I am facing the biggest
problem of my career right now!
It is...
Hey, Onizuka's class
is doing something again!
Let's go and see!
Onizuka!
Where?! Where?!
I'm telling you again.
If you have a problem,
please go see the principal.
She's the one who told us...
...to repaint the wall
because it's shabby.
She said, "Repaint."
Who said to draw graffiti?!
Don't call it graffiti.
It's art...art!
Don't you understand?
How could you call it art?
It's graffiti in bad taste.
Someone said all American
modern art started from street graffiti...
That's not the point!
You shut up!
Why did you get your students
involved in this?
Of course, it's more fun
to do it together.
Here's an idea. Let's make it
their senior project, shall we?
It's already been decided
their senior project...
...will be a relief
of Mt. Yatsugatake.
Paint over it right away!
Oh, no. I'm sorry!!
Towel! Bring a towel!
Are you okay, Vice Principal?
Oh, I guess this doesn't work.
Onizuka!
The paint is off....
...but at least a hundred
of my precious hairs are gone.
SHOWER ROOM
I'm sweating like a pig!
We have to hurry up!
Class is going to start...
Glasses, glasses...
How irritating...
A female student's scream
that can almost cut through silk!
Who is calling me, Hajime Fukuroda,
PE teacher and protector of justice?
- Pervert!
- The old guy is naked!
No! You made
a mistake coming in!
This pervert!
How did you get in?!
No, wait, Fukuroda!
Ouch...
Why me?
They are the ones who came
into the men's shower room.
He hit me
because I looked suspicious...
That's stupid!
How could I, the devoted
model educator, look suspicious?
- Look at that man.
- Spooky. He looks suspicious...
Oh, boy...
The only peaceful place
is my home.
My beloved wife, lovely daughter,
my dear sweet home.
Here's an idea. Let's have
Sukiyaki for dinner tonight.
I'm home.
- Welcome home.
- You're home early tonight.
Here's a surprise, Yoshiko.
Wow, Sukiyaki!
I love you, Dad!
Let's eat!
Yoshiko, Ryoko. Wait for me.
I'm coming home now.
I'm home!
Welcome home!
You're late, Vice Principal.
What happened to you?
You, you, you!
Why are you at my house?
The principal asked me to deliver
some documents for the meeting.
She couldn't give them to you.
What?
What's this? Meat?
Wow, you're a good family man!
Wow, Sukiyaki meat!
Let's have Sukiyaki for dinner!
That sounds good!
There is no meat for you!
Why don't you leave now?!
You've invaded the only
peaceful place in my life!
Dear, what are you saying?
He came all this way.
Onizuka-sensei,
please have dinner with us.
You have a student who entered
show business, don't you?
Oh, Nomura.
Yes, I was her agent.
Wow, do you have
a show business connection?
I wouldn't call it a connection,
but I have some acquaintances.
Can you get some tickets?
There is a live show I want to go to.
What are you talking about?
You need to study!
Excuse me, may I have seconds?
Sure, please eat
as much as you want.
It's fun to have a young one visit.
Sorry, I'm an old man.
Beer!
Don't worry, Vice Principal.
You don't need to treat me like that.
It's not for you. It's mine.
It's in the refrigerator, of course.
Go and get your own beer.
What...?
Oh, Yoshiko.
After dinner...
...why don't you ask Onizuka-sensei
to check your homework?
What? But...
No, you can't let this monkey
in Yoshiko's room!
You shut up!
I heard it. You had a perfect score
on the trial exam!
Well, I guess I did...
That must be a mistake.
You're going to have
an entrance exam this year.
If you have any questions,
it's better to ask a teacher.
Onizuka-sensei, please?!
Count on me.
I, perfect score maker,
will take care of your daughter.
Teacher, this way.
Thank you.
No problem.
What's happening?
Both my wife and Yoshiko
are deceived by the beast.
I'm the only one
who can protect Yoshiko.
Cute!
Tea-cher!
This is the penis.
Oh, no!
What?! What are you doing?
Listen to me! Come here!
Don't bite there!
Don't resist!
No!
Yoshiko!
What's the matter, Vice Principal?
Golf practice?
Oh, well, do I look good?
Onizuka is tutoring at your house?
That's pretty weird, isn't it?
It's a nightmare.
Not only at school,
but even at home...
...that bully has invaded
my life like a germ.
Then you can't get any rest.
A young man and a young woman
under one roof...
My daughter is not a problem.
She's not stupid enough
to get involved with him.
That belief is dangerous.
What?
People often say,
"My child is not a problem."
Isn't it a problem
to trust one's own child too much?
A secret lesson
without anyone's knowledge.
My body is your textbook.
So let's repeat after me.
Just kidding.
What? Vice Principal?
SHIMORENJAKU
GENERAL HOSPITAL
Take care.
Again, stomach pain from stress.
The doctor tells me to remove
the cause of my stress.
If I could, I would have done it
a long time ago.
Hello, this is Uchiyamada.
What? Onizuka? Enjo-kosai?
Sannomaru-sensei saw him walking
with a female student in a uniform...
...arm in arm
in the hotel district of Shibuya.
No, I don't mean to be a tattletale.
I haven't confirmed it
with Onizuka yet.
It was night,
and I'm not definitely sure...
But if I don't say anything,
I'll feel guilty, too.
I don't care about your situation.
I'm questioning if you saw it or not!
So I...
You saw it, right?
Yes.
I see.
Onizuka-sensei did.
SUUITO HOUMU
(SWEET HOME)
Is that so? Onizuka-sensei did...
He doesn't recognize his position
as an educator.
He has been involved
in sexual conduct with girls.
It's outrageous.
He is not qualified to be a teacher.
Principal. You have
to make your decision now!
Where is Onizuka-sensei?
We've been looking for him.
But we can't find him.
I guess he's afraid
his evil actions will become public.
He must have escaped.
It sounds like him.
Well, Principal...
But there is no proof.
Proof?
Anyone can say he saw something.
Isn't it a bit reckless to accuse him
without any proof?
But...
Well, I have a photograph
I took at that time.
Good job, Yama-chan!
Why didn't you show it to her
in the beginning?
I didn't mean to take it as proof.
I happened to have a camera
with me, and I pressed the shutter.
This is...
How about that?
That's really Onizuka.
MY HAMUKO
How cute!
Isn't she? It's my Hamuko...
Never mind.
Where is Onizuka's photo?
My mistake.
Here it is.
How about that, Principal?
With this indisputable proof,
Onizuka can have no excuse...
Yo, Yo, Yoshiko!
This really is Onizuka
with a female student.
There's no excuse!
With such a pretty girl!
Really, he shouldn't be a teacher.
Okay. Let's have an emergency
faculty meeting tomorrow morning.
We'll decide Onizuka-sensei's future
in the meeting.
Yoshiko! Is Yoshiko there?
No. She went to see Onizuka-sensei
to ask some questions.
Where?
She said they're going
to meet in Shibuya.
Onizuka! That monkey!
Does he want to take
everything away from me?
School, happy home life,
and my precious jewel...
... my lovely daughter.
I can't stand it anymore.
I'll kill you with my bare hands!
Don't say such stupid things.
Do you like that?
Yes!
Yoshiko!
Where did they go?
What's that place?
You can't escape anymore.
Give up.
No, please stop now.
It'll be heavenly.
I won't let it happen!
I'm coming, Yoshiko!
Yoshiko!
Welcome.
Tonight we have a costume party.
If you would like,
we can find something for you.
Where is Onizuka?
Where is that monkey?
What?
That monkey!
Bring me that ape!
I see.
Please come this way.
What's this?
It's an ape.
Don't play with me!
Yoshiko!
Yoshiko! Where are you?
Yoshiko! Answer me!
MIYASHITA PARK
Where did you go?
Yoshiko!
Who are you?
What are you going to do?
I have to bring my daughter back.
Don't stop me.
You...you are going to destroy
what little happiness I have!
My family, my sweet home.
Don't think I'm easy.
I may be small,
but if you want to...
... then I'll fight you!
Even if I get killed!
Come! You are the dogs
controlled by the state!
I didn't survive
the '60s and '70s in vain.
Watch me!
Ryoko! Yoshiko!
Give me a hand!
Give this powerless man
the power to protect you!
Yoshiko!
Okay. He's calmed down.
What...?!
What's going on?!
What are they doing?
Those tax abusers!
You're supposed to catch
Onizuka!
I'm a head of the household.
I'm Vice Principal of Seirin Gakuen.
What's the reason to catch me?
I'm naked?!
VICE PRINCIPAL
FOUND STREAKING
Some shocking news!
Police arrested a naked...
...school vice principal
in Shibuya.
Pervert teacher!
Go away!
I can't stand this anymore.
Damn you!
You should die!
I can't get caught
before I get my daughter back.
What are you doing,
Vice Principal?
Onizuka!
Streaking?
It's not popular anymore.
Never mind.
Where is Yoshiko?
Yoshiko. You're safe.
Onizuka-sensei.
Where are you?
I'm here.
You're still wearing
your raincoat?
Yeah.
I guess it stopped raining.
So how was it?
It was your favorite, wasn't it?
It was the best!
It was sensational!
Sensational?
I was not in time?!
Then what I can do is...!
So could you take me here again?
To the live show?
Live show?
I'm embarrassed
to come here alone...
... in the middle
of the hotel district.
Isn't it more embarrassing
for two?
No way.
Then that photo was taken
when she came to the live show...
Oh, look at the time.
My father is strict.
He doesn't trust his own child.
Oh, well.
What happened to your coat?
I don't need it if it's not raining.
What a waste!
That's okay.
Vice Principal,
please don't get caught.
Principal! I beg you!
Please cancel today's
emergency faculty meeting.
Why?
Onizuka-sensei is needed
at this school.
He loves students,
and he loves teaching.
There is no way he could do
such a sleazy thing as Enjo-kosai.
I believe in Onizuka-sensei.
I want to place my trust in him.
I understand.
Let's cancel the meeting.
I'm very happy to know
that you trust him that much.
Let's keep working
towards building an ideal school.
Yes.
My name is Hiroshi Uchiyamada.
I'm a baby-boomer.
Sometimes I have to do things
I don't want to do.
Not bad.
It's too good to paint over.
But we can't keep it, either.
Why don't we take a picture of it
before repainting?
Everyone!
Thank you for waiting
for the additional paint!
Vice Principal.
Are you okay?
I'm sorry.
We have to wipe it off!
Not blow it off!
You can't love everyone
It's only for the one you love
No breaking your faith or doubting
Don't you judge or hate?
Just stay innocent
Am I hurting anyone?
My emotion quietly blazes
Deep inside my eyes
I am so happy that I found you
In the infinity of eternal time
What is there for me to do?
It may be small now
But the fire cannot go out
A tear is about to drop
Hold it back in your chest
Live strong every moment
Like a single drop of your tear
NEXT EPISODE
Where is the faculty room?
I'm Nao Kadena.
I'm going to work at the infirmary
of this school starting today.
Call me Nao-chan.
Nao-chan?
My measurements are...
...secret!
Tell me the truth!
Nao-chan said
if we get to the top 50...
...she would teach us what it's like
to be with an adult woman.
What?!
If you get to the top 50,
I can go out with you.
SEE YA NEXT TIME